README.md, before:

# Super Galactic Age Calculator

#### Convert your age from Earth years to other-planet-based years

#### By _Kevin Williams_

## Technologies Used

* _[JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)_
* _[jQuery](https://jquery.com/)_
* _[npm](https://www.npmjs.com)_
* _[Webpack](https://webpack.js.org)_
* _[Jest](https://jestjs.io)_
* _[ESLint](https://eslint.org)_
* _[Babel](https://babeljs.io)_

## Description

Welcome to my second Independent Project for Intermediate JavaScript at
[Epicodus](https://epicodus.com).

I started it on Friday February 4th 2022. [This project's
lesson](https://www.learnhowtoprogram.com/intermediate-javascript/test-driven-development-and-environments-with-javascript/tdd-with-javascript-independent-project)
in the [curriculum](https://learnhowtoprogram.com/) says no User
Interface is required. The project will focus on Business Logic in the
JavaScript files. This means no HTML or CSS will be added beyond what
came from my [template
repo](https://github.com/k9w/template-repo). Nor will the project be
published to Github Pages.

You can find more of my work at:

* https://github.com/k9w

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Fork the project to your own Github repository if you plan to make
  changes._

* _Clone the project from your repo to your machine or preferred
  location and cd into its folder._

* _Install webpack and other packages listed above and in package.json
  by typing 'npm install' just one time._

* The decision to install specific, OLD, versions of these packages
  was dictated by the curriculum assignment.

* By default, the packages are installed locally to the project
  folder. That way, if you decide to not continue with the project,
  you can cleanly remove it and all its dependencies by just deleting
  the project folder.

* _Build and bundle the project from the src/ folder into the dist/
  folder with 'npm run build' to just build it or 'npm run start' to
  build it and start the local Webpack server._

* The reason to 'build' the web application in this manner is to
  consolidate and minify most of the code into dist/bundle.js. Very
  large projects are best developed as multiple files and
  human-readable code. But the larger they get, the slower they can
  run in the browser.  Concatenating and minifying into one file
  speeds up the code in the browser.

* _Run the pre-defined tests with 'npm run test'._

* _Observe and use the application in the Webpack server
  (http://localhost:8080) or paste the contents of dist/bundle.js into
  the DevTools console in
  [Firefox](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox),
  [Chrome](https://www.google.com/chrome), or your preferred web
  browser._

* _To add to and improve the project with Test-Driven Development
  rules, add your ideas to brainstorming.txt. Then modify or add to
  the tests first, then write new code and see if the tests pass._

* _If you like this project, please contribute issues and especially
  pull requests to improve it._

## Known Bugs

* _Any known issues_
* _should go here_

## License

[ISC](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/isc)

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/k9w/super-galactic/blob/main/LICENSE)
for copyright info.

_Third-party packages are subject to their own license and copyright._

## Contact Information

 - <https://twitter.com/k9w>

 - <https://linkedin.com/in/k9w>

Commit message:

Clarify copyright in README. Add tests file.

README.md, after:

# Super Galactic Age Calculator

#### Convert your age from Earth years to other-planet-based years

#### By _Kevin Williams_

## Technologies Used

* _[JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)_
* _[jQuery](https://jquery.com/)_
* _[npm](https://www.npmjs.com)_
* _[Webpack](https://webpack.js.org)_
* _[Jest](https://jestjs.io)_
* _[ESLint](https://eslint.org)_
* _[Babel](https://babeljs.io)_

## Description

Welcome to my second Independent Project for Intermediate JavaScript at
[Epicodus](https://epicodus.com).

I started it on Friday February 4th 2022. [This project's
lesson](https://www.learnhowtoprogram.com/intermediate-javascript/test-driven-development-and-environments-with-javascript/tdd-with-javascript-independent-project)
in the [curriculum](https://learnhowtoprogram.com/) says no User
Interface is required. The project will focus on Business Logic in the
JavaScript files. This means no HTML or CSS will be added beyond what
came from my [template
repo](https://github.com/k9w/template-repo). Nor will the project be
published to Github Pages.

You can find more of my work at:

* https://github.com/k9w

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Fork the project to your own Github repository if you plan to make
  changes._

* _Clone the project from your repo to your machine or preferred
  location and cd into its folder._

* _Install webpack and other packages listed above and in package.json
  by typing 'npm install' just one time._

* The decision to install specific, OLD, versions of these packages
  was dictated by the curriculum assignment.

* By default, the packages are installed locally to the project
  folder. That way, if you decide to not continue with the project,
  you can cleanly remove it and all its dependencies by just deleting
  the project folder.

* _Build and bundle the project from the src/ folder into the dist/
  folder with 'npm run build' to just build it or 'npm run start' to
  build it and start the local Webpack server._

* The reason to 'build' the web application in this manner is to
  consolidate and minify most of the code into dist/bundle.js. Very
  large projects are best developed as multiple files and
  human-readable code. But the larger they get, the slower they can
  run in the browser.  Concatenating and minifying into one file
  speeds up the code in the browser.

* _Run the pre-defined tests with 'npm run test'._

* _Observe and use the application in the Webpack server
  (http://localhost:8080) or paste the contents of dist/bundle.js into
  the DevTools console in
  [Firefox](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox),
  [Chrome](https://www.google.com/chrome), or your preferred web
  browser._

* _To add to and improve the project with Test-Driven Development
  rules, add your ideas to brainstorming.txt. Then modify or add to
  the tests first, then write new code and see if the tests pass._

* _If you like this project, please contribute issues and especially
  pull requests to improve it._

## Known Bugs

* _Any known issues_
* _should go here_

## License

The code originated in this project is covered by the [ISC
License](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/isc). See the file
[LICENSE](https://github.com/k9w/super-galactic/blob/main/LICENSE) in
this same folder for copyright info.

_Third-party packages are subject to their own license and copyright._

## Contact Information

 - <https://twitter.com/k9w>

 - <https://linkedin.com/in/k9w>
